Update references to a long-dead product (#490)
canonical/launchpad-manual: docs/user/reference/bug-tracker-api/external-bug-statuses.rst

Reviewer: The change in the translation doc is fine. For this particular doc on bugs, the LibreOffice project isn't a great example because there is no recent activity on its bug page https://bugs.launchpad.net/~libreoffice . Firefox would be a better example because it's active and bugs are [tracked on Launchpad ](https://bugs.launchpad.net/ubuntu/+source/firefox/) and [Bugzilla](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/home)

.. include:: /includes/important_not_revised_help.rst

> Bugs in free software projects are often tracked in more than one place. For example: a bug in Firefox may be tracked in Launchpad by Ubuntu's Firefox team and in Firefox's own Bugzilla instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bugs in free software projects are often tracked in more than one place. For example: a bug in Firefox may be tracked in Launchpad by the Ubuntu Mozilla Team and in Firefox's own Bugzilla instance.
```
